57WX12z2rEMt6S0i_QxdFQ	Things could not have gone better for my husband's 40th birthday party.  Jessica showed up right on time, and I felt so bad that our bar was outside in the 95 degree weather, but she didn't seem to mind at all.  She was SO nice and so excited about the party.  Everyone was blown away by her and the delicious cocktails!  I noticed some people take cards, and I'm sure everyone will keep Stanford's in mind!!  Also working with Carlos on the process was a breeze- thanks again for everything!
GRfeHNcB4uvuoHvqb8-9Xg	I agree with all the previous reviews. Carlos is AWESOME! He was the bartender at my Dad's 70th birthday party. He was so easy to work with. Very professional. He helped me plan the drink menu and provided me with the supply list. He came on time and prepared. We had a big crowd that night and he had everything under control. The guests absolutely enjoyed his service. Also, thanks to Jessica for helping out that night, too. I would definitely hire him again for our next party.
e6QRXwwzhebaLVX0JEztpg	Carlos is a friend of mine, but there's no bias here - he puts on a great show.  Party after party, Carlos and his team show up with a smile, a great selection of alcohol, and professional bartenders who concoct delicious cocktails, complete with a cherry on top (literally).
rdmt6-wOEv_wYKHFdgWaHw	I've hired Stanford's twice now and have loved working with them. Andy bar-tended for my last party and was GREAT. Friendly, skilled, fun and really good from start to end. Would hire them in a second again.
T398DbPQqijoXgpHhVpYIg	I just had Carlos and his crew bartend my wedding. Carlos was AMAZING from the start. He drove over to Moss Beach to see the site, personalized our beer and cocktail menu including homemade sangria, YUM!,  and was incredibly fast to respond to all of my concerns and questions no matter how small. All the while he was super organized. Also, we needed a few extra hands for our wedding reception as we did not hire traditional caterers (see my 5-star review for Mexican Taco Party). There was no task to big or small for Carlos' crew. They made sure water was on tables, they bussed dishes. I would not hesitate to hire them again. In fact, I hope that I soon have another reason to use them!
EgjYy-5IbESflBnlaOVkJA	Got a Bachelor Party coming up?  Need Bartending Services for a more formal event?  Don't bother trying to find a better service than Stanford's Bartender!  Carlos is easy to work with, professional, and most importantly fun!  We worked together as vender in one of wedding. His team really knows how to work the bar!  Props to Cheyenne, just for being Cheyenne.  They made  party fun & memorable!
wGAgUIjTGhdUkhIX2zdMww	First off, I've never hired Carlos, just had the pleasure of attending several parties he's worked. He is amazing! His crew is fantastic. Prices, according to my friends who hosted the parties, were very reasonable. His concoctions are out of this world. I can't wait to have a reason to throw a shin dig - just so we can hire Carlos!
ewzqGURnEp1GpxpAHn1pKQ	I want to thank the Stanford Legends Camp for the amazing weekend my son and his friends from his football team had!  They learned so much over 1 weekend it feels as if there was more than 2 days. They all walked away with a new confidence, determination to continue working hard, developed new skills, much better understanding about proper techniques (as well as what NOT to do) and what they need to do to hopefully one day play at Stanford (priceless).  The Stanford players/alumni/coaches also worked hard, took the camp and training the kids serious while having fun with the kids and sharing laughs.  During their talks with the kids they did not just promote football but achedemics, respect and character.  Amazing weekend for our kids and definitely an experience they will never forget!!
gWkm64c7PRsBlqY011DIkA	Words can't describe it. Carlos you are the MAN for making the party awesome and the drinks flow non-stop.. First reviewer on Yelp I see! I'll try to leave a more detailed something later, but suffice it to say Carlos is a great guy but a fantastic bartender.
pixNhhD7MstDu0Q0F9QyzA	A+ for Stanford's Bartender.  Carlos is a master of mixology and he prepares a diverse and unique menu of drinks.  But a good party requires way more than just good alcohol, and Carlos knows how to make it happen.  Carlos helps create an atmosphere that is high energy, and he delivers a party you won't soon forgot (even after a night of drinking).  If you're looking to throw a first-class, hassle-free party, then Stanford's Bartender is the right choice.
zAtfaSQCaJYHyiuXM6zMlg	Stanford Bartender did both my 21st and 22nd birthday parties. In case it isn't obvious by the repeat business,  they did an absolutely AMAZING job both years and I would highly recommend them for anyone who wants a great party that is both classy and creative. Of note, they showed up with a fully original drink menu, customized things to any requests and were perfectly timely in serving 50+ guests. Oh yeah, they also lit things on fire. Drinks and a show. Now that's what I'm talking about, especially when I'm drinking. Thanks Stanford Bartender for throwing me a great party - AND for cleaning up so well afterward too! You'll be hearing from me again next year for sure!
2nN-2YH6Jznfy7lfSpGB9g	Thank you so much for making our Cinco de Mayo party such an awesome event!  I was so impressed with the professionalism of both our bartender and Carlos!  We will definitely be booking again!  Thank you thank you!
KyNs12bizrYubCpsrYnSXw	Found Stanford's Bartender on Yelp and all reviews were right on.  Carlos was very helpful from the start and gave us 110% excellent service for mine and my husband's 40th Birthday Party.  All the guests loved him by mid-party!  Thank you for making our event so much more special and hassle free.  Highly recommended.
je1VmwLDRvLnmYed34Yo2g	I recently attended an event by Stanford's Bartender.  They are really advanced mixologists!  Beyond knowledge, their approach to making mixed drinks made the cocktails at the party much better AND much faster than any I've had anywhere else.  The bartender was really cool and everyone was having a great time.  He even did some tricks and made the host a special custom cocktail menu!  I will definitely have them plan my next party!
aP523nJ5B4xnvqLrLs0gZA	I was referred to Carlos Kronen by Brooke Greene of NESTLIN who I was working with on a wedding location.  I am always a bit guarded about referrals because you never know if they're pointing you to friends, relatives or someone giving kickbacks.  But it became clear right away that Carlos was 100% sincere and professional.  He was very accomodating, detailed and helpful in every way when it came to helping us plan our wedding event.  When he arrived to provide service, he did everything he said he'd do, plus he offered outstanding, friendly, professional service as well.  It's hard to find sincere, nice, intelligent people, let alone someone you need to depend on for a very important occasion.  Carlos offered that plus more.  I'd recommend him to anyone and would certainly call upon him again for bartending services whenever the need arises.
Z8Tqg07GIvLzYbfVpJArsg	I was impressed by Carlos' depth of knowledge of the different drinks.  A definite plus was that he was able to mix my favorite margaritas--exactly the way they make it at Tommy's Restaurant on Geary in SF.  I'm sure the hosts were very appreciative that he stayed after to clean up.  Very professional, and very personable.  Stanford's Bartender is a definite must have for any great party.
0WaCdhr3aXb0G0niwTMGTg	We hired Stanford's Bartender for a private movie screening party and will definitely use them again for all our events in the future.  Carlos showed up on time, set up a beautiful bar and was very professional the entire evening. It is so nice to work with someone that clearly takes pride in what they do.  I would highly recommend using Stanford's Bartender for your next event!
urYQWasWysIcbu9FWpaeIQ	I just had the Stanford Bartender's at my husband's 40th this past weekend.  I had met them at friend's 40th in January! Extremely professional, very thorough and helped with everything in the planning of the event! Great personality, cleanup and setup.  For any event I would highly recommend them and my friends all commented on them being awesome! It's a great touch for a party!
7_wnLnYddqcKkVoZ76aMKg	I only had 3 days to do my "CAST PARTY" in SFO.  I called at 11pm at night and left a message on his vm.  Carlos called a few minutes later!  He was patient in working out the drink lists for my guests and would always assure me not to worry as he has done this many times.  He turned the "rush party" into a fun experience.  He was professional - always returned my calls and arrived on time.  Our 150 guests enjoyed the drinks.  Bar was arranged great, he was good with guests and Id use his services all over again!
Y4j2-X-y7BxSl1SknxoFwA	Carlos hosted the bar at our school's fundraiser last night and there is only one word to describe him and his services: *excellent*. Carlos arrived exactly on time, set up an elegant bar, kept the bar and beverage area very neat, informed us when we were running low on supplies (ice,cups), and was overall very pleasant and professional. He even stayed late to help finish up the evening - beyond the call of duty! I will gladly recommend Stanford's Bartender to anyone.
1UUqEV63CB6hR8j_UNjfXQ	Stanford's Bartender is amazing!  From planning, shopping list, prep, event and clean-up - everything was top notch/outstanding!!  I can't say enough good things about Carlos and his operation!!  From the moment we spoke on the phone, I knew he was it - he knew his liquors and is not just a bartender but a true mixologist!!  His caiprinhas, mojitos and margaritas were the best I ever had - he introduced me to rum/margarita that will now be the standard here at our home =)  Not just great with drinks, but he's also good on gauging the crowd - it made for an energetic and fun party and all our guests loved him!!!  I highly recommend him!  Thanks Carlos, you are outstanding!!!
DCqHjKyvX-3-kCjzYxBBig	Andy was our bartender and was very pleasant and professional.  He was a genuinely nice guy, and offered to help us out when he had finished setting up the bar.  Our guests liked him and the drinks were great.  So glad to find this company.  An outstanding customer experience!
_xiweXiABHZPZw__LcwGcA	Shawn and Carlos bartended this halloween party that i attended a few months ago and lets just say the quality of the service, the drinks, and well the overall ambiance, were second to none. With Carlos at the helm, there is no other bartending company that i would recommend. Carlos and Sean made for an amazing duo that executed, managed, and delivered supreme service. Stanford's bartender is the BOMB!
ocv3RMJZFScAMHmudpqWpQ	Beautiful campus. A lot of renovation going on.  Nice classrooms with beautiful views. Gives everyone free iPads
